this is an unusual pizza it's going to
be made in the frying pan and then under
the grill and instead of a bread dough
it's got ass condo and this condo here
is made with four ounces of plain flour
and a teaspoon full of baking powder and
I'm just going to roll it out to a nice
round shape to fit the frying pan the
other thing it's got in it is half a
teaspoon of Oregon I expect you can see
the black speckles that's the Oregon oh
and then it was mixed with three
tablespoons of water and one tablespoon
of olive oil when I made the dough up I
just gave it a tiny little bit of
kneading before rolling it out and you
can see the dough begins to spring back
just give it one more turn and then I
think it's just about ready for the
frying pan don't worry if you don't have
a perfect round I haven't got a perfect
round here now the heat under the frying
pan should be very hot and you should
have in the frying pan a depth of about
a quarter of an inch of oil that seems
quite a lot but you'll see we are
actually going to need it to cook the
pizza so we'll pop the dough in just
carefully pop it in like that and you'll
see it begin to bubble the oil and the
pizza dough will suddenly begin to rise
up it's quite quite a lovely thing to
look at really of course the pizza
topping can be absolutely anything at
all you can be your most inventive I'm
using the classic topping of cheese and
tomatoes and anchovies but before I put
them on I'm just going to have a little
peek now and see how it's doing
underneath yes that's lovely and crisp
and brown now the underneath side is
going to cook and it's fairly hot there
now so just turn the heat down and I'll
explain the ingredients the first
ingredient is tomatoes and you can use
for sliced tomatoes if they're small or
two large ones I've got slightly larger
ones here so I've only got two and just
arrange those over the surface
and then the next ingredient a very
Italian one that's mozzarella cheese
which has a lovely melting quality that
goes on next any little bits that go off
around the edge you can put back on
again and then the next ingredient is
anchovies and I'm going to put the
anchovies on in a crisscross pattern in
the traditional pizza way making a
little pattern on the top what I've got
here is six and Jovi's and they've been
split in half lengthways and now six
olives they can just be popped in
anywhere then I've got two teaspoons of
capers here beginning to look nice color
now just lost a little caper there get
that one back now some freshly milled
pepper and half a teaspoon full of basil
dried basil or you could use or igano
sprinkled over the top and then just
before it goes under the grill you need
to have a little drizzle of olive oil
just over the surface and now straight
under a hot grill
I don't take about five minutes and then
you'll be ready and five minutes later
supper will be ready so we take it out
from the grill have a hot plate ready
and you'll find it'll come out as a
frying pan very easily just use a pan
slice and a fork to ease it out and I
think as you've gone to the trouble to
make yourself a pizza
you deserve a glass of something Italian
to go with it and that's frying pan
pizza